original employee data

empno = 10000 age = 60 dept = Biology name = Akers, Mark
empno = 10070 age = 22 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, Kay
empno = 10020 age = 21 dept = Biology name = Alexander, Joe
empno = 10010 age = 40 dept = Physics name = Akin, Monica
empno = 10050 age = 42 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Suzanne
empno = 10040 age = 53 dept = Astrono name = Akerson, Mary
empno = 10060 age = 61 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, John
empno = 10030 age = 23 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Gwyn
increment ages of all employees


empno = 10000 age = 60 dept = Biology name = Akers, Mark
empno = 10010 age = 40 dept = Physics name = Akin, Monica
empno = 10020 age = 21 dept = Biology name = Alexander, Joe
empno = 10030 age = 23 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Gwyn
empno = 10040 age = 53 dept = Astrono name = Akerson, Mary
empno = 10050 age = 42 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Suzanne
empno = 10060 age = 61 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, John
empno = 10070 age = 22 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, Kay
read again
empno = 10000 age = 61 dept = Biology name = Akers, Mark
empno = 10010 age = 41 dept = Physics name = Akin, Monica
empno = 10020 age = 22 dept = Biology name = Alexander, Joe
empno = 10030 age = 24 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Gwyn
empno = 10040 age = 54 dept = Astrono name = Akerson, Mary
empno = 10050 age = 43 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Suzanne
empno = 10060 age = 62 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, John
empno = 10070 age = 23 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, Kay
print old emps and delete


empno = 10010 age = 41 dept = Physics name = Akin, Monica
   empno = 10000 age = 61 dept = Biology name = Akers, Mark
   empno = 10020 age = 22 dept = Biology name = Alexander, Joe
   empno = 10030 age = 24 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Gwyn
   empno = 10040 age = 54 dept = Astrono name = Akerson, Mary
   empno = 10050 age = 43 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Suzanne
   empno = 10060 age = 62 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, John
   empno = 10070 age = 23 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, Kay
empno = 10050 age = 43 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Suzanne
   empno = 10000 age = 61 dept = Biology name = Akers, Mark
   empno = 10020 age = 22 dept = Biology name = Alexander, Joe
   empno = 10030 age = 24 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Gwyn
   empno = 10040 age = 54 dept = Astrono name = Akerson, Mary
   empno = 10060 age = 62 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, John
   empno = 10070 age = 23 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, Kay
print remaining emps


empno = 10000 age = 61 dept = Biology name = Akers, Mark
empno = 10020 age = 22 dept = Biology name = Alexander, Joe
empno = 10030 age = 24 dept = Biology name = Akerson, Gwyn
empno = 10040 age = 54 dept = Astrono name = Akerson, Mary
empno = 10060 age = 62 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, John
empno = 10070 age = 23 dept = CompSci name = Andrews, Kay


Done
